Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Move those boxes. Faster!
Are we almost done?
Come on. boys.
"Empty nets today. full nets tomorrow."
Isn't that what they say?
Go home and eat your greens.
Come on. Elliott.
Good work today. boys.
But the ocean was still asleep.
-Yet again. Esben?
-Isn't that what they say?
No. but you do.
Use your energy at sea
and you might get a full envelope.
Paycheck on the table.
-See you.
-Seriously. man.
-You want to lose your wages?
-Can it.
Tell Oliver he owes me from last time.
If he doesn't pay up. I'll kill him!
-Want to join me for a bite to eat?
-No. thanks.
Oliver's playing at a gig this evening.
I promised I'd play some guitar.
Are you sure about Oliver?
I thought you didn't care.
It's fine. See you tomorrow.
Get that chain oiled.
What's going on? What are you doing?
It's called a job. Ring a bell?
-I kissed a lot of ass to get this gig.
-I thought you enjoyed kissing ass.
Thank you. everybody.
-Do I smell?
-Go away.
You idiot. That's Suzanne Taylor in there.
Vince Taylor's widow. And Patrick.
who produced his biggest hits.
They can fix everything.
The biggest stages.
-Understand?
-Yes.
-Yeah?
-Do you have my money?
-Here you go. 2.000.
-Thanks.
The two of us. right?
We own that stage tonight.
We go in there and kill it. Understood?
-Got it. You own the stage.
-Totally. This is going to be great.
-Do you want a chord?
-Yeah.
-First line?
-Sure.
You've got it. Stay low during the bridge.
Save the falsetto for the chorus.
Let's celebrate.
Cheers!
And congratulations.
Thanks for coming.
Thanks for being here.
It's a huge opportunity for me.
-It's gonna happen!
-Great.
I'm ready.
Yes. Good evening.
Good evening.
You look amazing.
My name's Oliver.
And Suzanne.
-This song's for you.
-Thanks.
Hey!
Don't just fuck off.
We have to find out if she liked it.
Don't worry. Go inside and ask her.
No. I want you to come.
Hey.
Who was supposed to sing?
Seriously?
Okay. I fucked up.
And you saved my ass in there.
and you were great. Okay?
-What the hell's your problem?
-My problem?
You make me go up on stage
in front of all those people
and make a fool of myself
just to save your ass.
-You don't know your shit.
-Chill.
-This is your fucking job.
-It's you and me.
-Is it?
It is.
Hey.
I'd die for you. okay?
You're my best friend.
-Just shut up now.
-You shut up.
If we have nothing to die for.
what the hell do we live for?
-Huh?
-Good night.
Come on. man.
Well. look at that. It's Tom and Jerry.
-Beat it. Dennis.
-Zip it!
-Girls' night out? Hey!
-Fuck!
I've been calling you all day.
What's going on?
-Nothing.
-Nothing?
-I don't know.
-You don't know?
We play cards and you lose.
You don't pay up. What's with that?
Did you spend all your dad's money?
Show me your watch.
-Fuck off!
-So you're a tough guy. huh?
You want me to punch you in the gut?
Dennis!
No!
Hey! Let him go!
No. Elliott!
Elliott. stop!
Elliott!
Did I ruin your birthday party?
You know who my husband was.
Twenty-two years at number one.
Sixteen platinum records.
Better sales figures
than the rest of the top ten combined.
Wow.
That's impressive.
That song you sang. who wrote it?
I did.
I haven't heard many good songs
since he died.
What do you want?
Why are you here?
I can get you out of here.
But
you'd need to commit
to spending some time with me.
Ten thousand a week.
Come and hang out for a bit.
We'll see how it goes.
See you tomorrow.
This is Oliver.
Don't leave a message.
Hello?
It's me.
Yeah.
What's going on?
Why aren't you picking up?
What the hell do you think is going on?
I'm in Hamburg. That's what's going on.
At my dad's office.
He forced me down here after your stunt.
I was trying to help.
Help? Okay.
You're a great friend. you know?
I told you to leave him alone.
Now my dad knows I owe
those fucking losers because of you.
Don't call me again. okay?
Ollie.
What are you doing?
-I thought it was over.
-What are you talking about?
Dennis is in bed at home
with a face like a massive fish cake.
-He didn't like the gig.
-Listen.
If you go to jail.
you can't work for me.
You'll lose the boat
and never get out of here.
She offered me a job.
-Who?
-That woman. Suzanne.
Why are you still here. then?
Fuck that shit.
-I want nothing to do with her.
-She pays more than me.
Spend it on the boat.
Or buy me something.
I could use another truck.
A foxtail for your antenna?
Load the boxes onto the truck.
Yeah. Those right there.
Check out the pad. dude.
What are we dropping off?
You.
Shut up!
-Shut the fuck up.
-No.
You shut the fuck up.
Move your ass and get in there.
Look at me.
Elliott.
I'll be 48 soon.
I'll be lugging boxes
until my legs give out.
-Your big chance is in there.
-No. it isn't.
-Yes. it is.
-No.
Yes.
-Yes. it is.
Now scram.
-You're fired.
-You can't fire me.
But I just did.
You damn well didn't.
Out!
-Are you serious?
-Yes.
-Your old legs will miss me.
-I'll have to get prosthetics.
I owe you. man.
Where are you going?
I'm leaving.
I'm going back to London.
I have loads of stuff to do.
But you just got here.
-I haven't talked to you yet.
-Patrick asked me to come.
Okay?
It was good seeing you.
Happy birthday.
There is no job waiting in London.
John hasn't seen you in months.
We haven't spoken either.
Where have you been?
-See you.
-Lilly.
Hi. Elliott.
Come in.
Great you could make it.
Why's he here?
I promised Julie at the police station
he'd learn how to behave a bit better.
Don't look at me.
Let's see what happens.
Maybe he can write some stuff.
Maybe you could stay.
Produce it.
This is so typical.
You heard the same as me.
What I heard I've heard before.
He has no training. no direction.
He's a drunken fisherman with a guitar.
But he can sing. And he can write.
You're the best producer I know.
This is great.
Anything I can do?
You can stop being such a smart-ass.
And start doing whatever she says.
Okay?
See what he's got.
If it's crap.
there's another flight on Monday.
Is that what you want?
No.
Why are you here?
For the money.
Pick up a guitar.
Aye. aye.
Play.
What song?
Whatever you feel like.
Can I swap this?
Good morning. birthday kid.
-Morning.
-I got shit-faced last night.
What the hell's he doing here?
Su. no!
What are you thinking?
She needs to succeed at something.
Sure. Suz.
I get that.
They could go places together.
-If we give them a hand.
-Sure. but…
That guy?
I mean…
He's no Vince Taylor.
Nobody is.
No.
You got her home.
And you want her to stay.
Don't you know any other songs?
Sure.
-Have you written any other songs?
-Loads.
Okay. so play one of them.
-What?
-What's that song called?
It's called "Original."
Okay.
That's the most unoriginal thing
I've heard in a long time.
Okay. Pretty impressive
after hearing only eight seconds of it.
You can sing.
Sing something
that means something to you.
Something that makes you happy
or that's painful.
Why didn't you say so?
That'll be all.
I agree it's been a great day.
Good morning.
Have you been here long?
Four hours.
-You're four hours late.
-Right.
Why are you here?
Why are you?
My mom thinks you've got something.
I don't.
I think this is a waste of our time.
-So why are you here?
-I wish I knew.
In a moment of weakness.
I thought there was something
hidden beneath that arrogant exterior.
You think you're so amazing. don't you?
How's it going?
He can sing.
But he's afraid to.
He keeps me at arm's length.
He keeps himself at arm's length.
There's something there.
I meant how you're doing.
Fine.
I'm just fine.
-Lilly. can't we try--
-Stop.
He can't do it here.
It's Vincent Taylor's studio.
It stresses him out.
The whole…
weight of it.
It's difficult.
What do you think?
You live here?
No. I dropped by and decided to undress.
Listen.
If we're going to do this.
we've got to do it right.
Quit bullshitting.
Get dressed.
Get your hands off my radio.
Thanks.
You listen to that?
That's Rachmaninoff's Piano Concerto No. 2
in C minor. Yes. I listen to that.
"Rach" what?
"Maninoff."
Rachmaninoff.
Of course. That's really special.
D minor.
C minor.
It might have been composed in C.
but this is in D minor.
Listen.
I'm listening.
What about you. Elliott?
How long have you been singing?
Forever. I think.
As long as I remember.
-Since I was a child.
-Did you play in a band? Take classes?
No.
I think I just play whatever I hear.
I think.
Why is someone with your voice
sorting lobsters at the docks?
Because people like you
pay big money for them.
Touché.
It doesn't matter who you are.
What's important is who you can be.
So what's the plan?
We need to make a demo.
Easy now. We have a bridge.
A bridge isn't a song.
We need verses and a chorus.
It'll come.
-So…
-Patrick has at least ten in his drawer.
Who's producing it? You or me?
-Barbecue. A little more barbecue.
-It's magic.
-There you go.
-It looks great.
Would you like some?
Okay. Tuck in.
It was so fucking crazy. bro.
The stadium was packed.
It was almost like a riot in there.
There were just as many people
outside without tickets.
Vince was in the zone.
He played flat out
for the next three hours.
And we. idiots that we are.
were at the airport.
waiting for him.
Do you remember. Lilly?
We were supposed to fly back to Europe.
You were maybe 14 or 15. right?
No. I was nine.
Nine? No.
I turned ten the next day.
That's why we had to go home.
We waited at the airport.
but he never showed.
He'd gone to a park to play a concert
for those who couldn't
get into the stadium.
All night.
We only left the next day.
He went straight to a huge job in Berlin.
On my tenth birthday.
Sure. he was very…
dedicated.
You need to be able to prioritize work
and perform under pressure.
Your dad understood that.
I'm sure you do too.
Dad's songs were crap at the end.
He prioritized work
and lost himself along the way.
-You can't have this life and a family.
-Sure you can.
You just have to decide to do it.
-Your dad made his own choices.
-You never stopped him.
-Lilly.
-Not when he bailed on my birthday.
Not when he left us for three years.
and not when he jumped.
Lilly.
Morning.
You always fell asleep like that.
Where were you that night?
You had a lot of calls
from his hotel room that night.
-Listen.
-Why didn't you pick up?
Lilly.
-Good morning.
-Morning.
Play the first verse.
Did you add the guitar?
Very cool. Did you do just do that?
Yes.
-Awesome.
-Let's start with the bridge.
-The bridge?
-Okay?
Great.
This is great.
Great work.
Both of you.
-Do you have a chorus?
-No.
It'll come when he's ready.
We need to solicit offers
from a record label.
We do that by showing
that we have an audience.
We'll post the song on social media
and take it from there.
I'm not on social media.
No. Vince has four million followers.
Nothing's been posted since he died.
-Your song will be the first.
-That's genius. Suz.
We'll do a live recording
of you singing the song to the camera.
We'll post it and link to the demo.
What do you mean by a live recording?
-A recording where you sing the song.
-You said 10.000 a week.
To avoid jail.
Just hang out here. You remember that?
Did you expect a free ride?
Think this was some kind of holiday?
You hang out. get free food and board?
This is no joke.
Fuck this.
-Great.
-Lilly.
Elliott.
-Did you know about this?
-No.
She says some silly things sometimes.
Just drop this shit.
I know you're having a tough time.
Sure. Rich girl from the Taylor family.
You know about things being tough.
You think you're the only one
who's had a fucked up life?
-Shut up.
-You feel so sorry for yourself.
You're alone in this world
because you don't put yourself out there.
You know shit about who I am.
You're a coward.
Wasting your talent because you're afraid.
Who do you sing for when you sing?
A song doesn't exist on its own.
It comes to life between two people.
The singer
and the listener.
Whether you're here. in the studio.
or in a packed stadium
full of thousands of people.
you don't sing into a void.
You have to choose a person
or imagine there's someone
you're singing to.
Singing for.
If you're not singing for anyone. then…
Then it's all for nothing.
The song doesn't matter.
You don't matter.
Suz.
Honestly. I don't know.
I think he's a nobody.
We've all been a nobody.
Sure.
Is she okay?
I don't know.
Are you okay?
What happened there?
Do you understand my Swedish. bro?
I fucking love this shit.
Thanks. What the hell just happened. man?
Awesome. man.
Hi. My name's Elliott Winther and I'm…
No. bro. A little cheerier. Bro. come on.
Give me a bit more confidence. okay?
From the beginning. More confidence.
Okay. bro.
Hi. My name's Elliott Winther.
and I hope this song is for you.
Watch your head.
It's beautiful.
It was my dad's.
Is that you?
I was seven.
One of the last times I saw them.
What happened to them?
They went out on this boat.
There was a storm.
They fell overboard.
Yeah.
It was kept on land for ten years
while I lived in other places.
What other places?
With foster families.
In three or four children's homes.
I guess I wasn't…
What's the expression?
An easy child.
Have you sailed since?
I'm saving up.
And…
I'm hoping to take it out.
-Soon. I hope.
-Okay. Where to?
Around the world.
Why?
My parents never made it.
Travelling the world
isn't as great as people think.
New people.
New places.
New languages.
All the time.
Always. Your whole life.
Just to follow a father
who was never there anyway.
Does that explain your French accent?
It's not French.
How did he die? Your dad?
He jumped from the balcony
of his hotel room.
After a concert.
Shit.
Do you remember them?
Yes.
I remember they always sang to me.
Music everywhere. the whole time.
A competition to see
who could sing loudest.
My dad never sang to me.
He sang to the world.
But never for me.
-Don't look at me like that.
-Like what?
-How?
-Like that.
-I'm not doing anything.
-You are.
I hope you like baked beans.
-Are they hot?
-You want them hot?
Rise and shine. little piggies!
We have a new king in town.
-Hi. darling.
-Hi.
What are you guys doing?
Having breakfast.
Having breakfast?
Super romantic. right?
-Holy shit. What is this?
-Baked beans.
You won't be eating this again.
You know why?
"This Song Is For You"
isn't just for you. Lilly.
We've had over 500.000 views
since yesterday.
It's trending at number one on YouTube
and has gone viral on TikTok.
What does that mean?
Goldilocks. you're a fucking star. bro.
-You're messing with me.
-No.
-You're kidding.
-No. bro.
It's true.
Let's go.
We're rolling.
Come on!
Are you ready?
At number one for the fifth week in a row.
former fisherman turned pop star.
the man it's impossible to ignore.
Elliott Winther.
Here's "I Hope This Song Is For You."
We know him from TikTok.
from Instagram and YouTube.
"I Hope This Song Is For You." Huge hit.
Exploded out of the stratosphere.
This has got to be every man's dream.
It's crazy.
I don't think I've…
I just need to understand what's going on.
-What the fuck are you doing here?
-Come here.
I couldn't abandon my best friend.
Shit. you look crazy.
-What about your dad?
-Fuck him.
Now we're going to live it up. okay?
Rock star.
Come inside.
No. I'll just…
-It's fine. Have fun.
-Come on.
Hey. come on.
You need to air this place out.
On the house. my friend.
Is it? On the house?
What's up. man? Seriously!
What a stud.
So what's up with Lilly?
-What about her?
-What about her? Is she good?
Is she up for it?
-Sure.
-She's up for it?
Sure. She's up for it. But she's…
She's talented.
She's talented?
What's she talented at?
-Shut up.
-How talented?
Stop it.
You're messing with me.
She's talented. Right!
So tell me.
What happened?
Did she just reach out to you?
Suzanne.
When?
After the gig.
My gig?
-I've got to run.
-No.
Stay put. man. Stay.
-We only just got here.
-I'm singing tomorrow.
I get all this pussy when you're around.
-It's crazy. man.
-Stop it.
Huge star. People love you. man.
Right? And I've always known it.
Always. I've always said it.
I'm happy everyone can see it now.
You're a fucking star.
Cheers.
Look at that.
Fucking hell. it's your song.
Thank you. DJ.
They're playing your song.
We own this place. dude.
He's sitting right here.
ladies and gentlemen.
Elliott Winther!
-The king…
-Stop it!
Come here! Something to drink?
Yes. you two.
-This is embarrassing.
-Girls!
-The two of them are a good fit.
-Right. They're spot on.
-They're…
-It works well.
Hi.
Sorry we're late. Oliver's fault.
-Shut up.
-But it was.
Hi. guys.
That looks crazy. What is it?
We need to talk about a few things.
-Confidentially.
-Sure.
-That's fine.
-I won't say anything.
Okay. Several companies are interested.
so we have to make that album in a hurry.
We have seven out of ten songs.
You and Lilly do the last three.
I'll arrange the last interviews.
Okay. This is crazy.
We've hired two social media consultants
to run your TikTok. Snapchat.
Insta. and Facebook.
They'll manage them and reply for you.
Patrick.
So you have your shoes. your clothes.
And there's your stage. your set design.
We keep it all blue.
-This looks crazy.
-There's your shoot as well.
-Yes.
-We think…
-These three are super cool. Right.
-Yes.
We have to pick an album cover
for you as well. so…
What do you think?
I think…
I don't really know. Isn't that a bit…
A bit what?
You look angry.
-I'd go with the blue one.
-Sure. That one's really cool.
If you want your balls to be the star.
Can't see your face. bro.
The band has been waiting
since nine. Lilly?
I'm ready when Elliott is.
I'm ready. Let's get started.
Use that one. That one's cool.
It works well with that one.
-Super cool.
-Elliott?
It's cool. He's just hanging out.
It's fucking great.
That guy is a fucking bad singer.
Fuck. that's great. It's crazy.
-He's insane. man.
-Please sit down.
-What?
-You're disturbing me.
Okay. I just said that…
You're here because Elliott insisted.
I don't need you here.
Do we understand each other?
Well? Just sit down.
-Hey.
-Hi.
What's up?
Great. right?
Stay and do a few takes on the vocals.
Why?
You missed a few beats.
Can't you get Patrick to Melodyne it.
or do it in the mix or something?
What?
Sure. Okay.
Hey.
See you later. okay?
Why are you suddenly so self-righteous?
-I'm not.
-You are.
That girl was ready for a threesome.
She really was.
-Shut up.
-Come here.
I've missed you. man.
Fucking Hamburg.
What was I supposed to do there?
I have to be here.
You and me. man. The two of us.
All that. Our dreams and stuff.
I have to be here.
My finances are pretty bad.
Your finances?
What about your dad?
He closed the account.
-What?
-He was pissed off I left the office.
-He'll come around. He's your dad.
-Shut up about my dad.
Please stop.
Okay?
I don't wanna talk about him.
Is there anything I can do? We can do?
You don't have that much.
-What do you need?
-Nothing.
Nothing?
Hey.
What you have…
What you've landed.
-That was ours. Make me part of it.
-Stop.
-That's not how it works.
-We're friends. We promised each other.
-It doesn't work that way.
-No?
So how does it work. Elliott?
You can take my words
and use them in your songs?
Is that how it works?
That's what you did.
Come on. That's my hook. right?
"If we've nothing to die for.
what are we living for?" I said that.
-You don't mean that.
-I do.
I really do.
Get me on the album.
I wrote all those songs.
You've never written a song.
Not one fucking line.
I saved your ass.
You stole my words! Get it into your head!
Who would you be if it weren't for me?
Where would you be? On the docks.
I got you that gig.
I paid for you to come.
You'd have nothing if it weren't for me.
The least you can do is take me with you.
You're living my life. Do you understand?
This is my dream. man.
Who the fuck do you think you are?
Seriously? What the hell?
Fuck you.
One.
One song. Then we'll forget all this.
One song.
You can do that.
-We'll do it again.
-Okay.
-Relax. From the top.
Definitely. Cool.
It's not working.
Not working.
One more time. Ollie.
We're just having some technical issues.
Get it together.
-Ollie? Come on.
-Yes?
-What's going on?
-From the top.
Bro. we don't have time for this.
This is shit!
Again!
This sounds so…
Fuck!
-Can I say something?
-Can't you auto-tune him?
No. I can't. Come on.
Bro. I can't tune that.
I can mute him.
I can…
I can replace his ass
with a real fucking singer.
You understand?
We don't have time for this.
-Come on.
-Elliott. can't you just…
Again. Let's go.
I want him out. Why's he here?
Oliver's his only friend.
What do you want me to do?
-No!
-Suzanne.
Not everyone fits in the same mold.
He has to be on board or it won't work.
"Not everyone."
He's not Dad. You can't turn him into Dad.
Dad's gone.
I thought you could handle this task.
If you can't. I'll do it myself.
-He's not ready!
-Your job was to get him ready.
My job is to set him free
to become who he needs to be.
Give him a long life of music.
If you force him through the machine.
he'll break.
And we both know how that ends.
You got what you could out of him.
Fine. Quit like you always do
when things get tough.
Go back to London.
John might give you another chance.
Or wherever you think
it's more important to be.
Shit.
Thank you. X Factor.
Give me one more chance. Hello!
Safe travels. Oliver.
Sit down.
-You think I'm a fucking amateur?
-No.
You know what's at stake.
For all of us.
In 48 hours. you'll be performing
in front of 48.000 people.
And you'll be the first Dane
to perform on Rocket in London.
Do you realize what that can do for you?
The show will give you access
to the whole world.
If you nail that.
it'll open every door.
And all the crap you're dealing with
will be gone.
All of it.
Or be friends with an idiot
and pack lobsters at the docks.
Until you're killed in a fight someday.
And no one goes to the funeral
because nobody knows who you are.
Or
you can become a star.
The whole fucking world
will know your name.
Difficult choice. huh?
Fuck you.
Don't waste my time. Get out.
Elliott.
-We need to talk.
-Talk about what?
That the songs aren't good enough?
That I can't hang out with Oliver?
Or no tour before I'm ready?
I'm pregnant.
Please say something.
I can't.
No.
No!
No! Let me in.
Stay here.
-Let go of me!
-Elliott. Take it easy.
-Let me go!
-Take it easy.
No!
Dad!
They're in there!
Elliott! Elliott!
THURSDAY 18TH AUGUST
1 NEW MESSAGE
ELLIOTT
MISSED CALL
Elliott! Elliott!
We're here. bro.
Everything
we've worked for
depends on you nailing this song.
It's make or break. baby.
I can't do it.
-Sure you can. You can do this. bro.
-I can't.
Of course you can.
Since I met you guys.
I've lost my best friend.
my job.
my boat. my fucking home.
So stop talking to me
like I'm a fucking child!
Sure.
That's great.
-What else?
-Shut up.
-What?
Hey. look at me.
I never had a family of my own.
Do you understand?
Like you.
All I have is the music.
Bro.
I bet everything on this.
Understand?
I'm not a star like you.
I'm not.
But I have the music.
And I have my family.
They are my family.
You know what?
They're your family too. man.
-My family died years ago.
-No.
Don't say that. Suz is your family.
I'm your family.
You and Lilly?
You two are a family now as well.
Do you understand?
Can you get that into your head?
Hey.
We've all lost something.
We have.
There's only one thing that's worse.
Losing the fear of losing again.
Don't do it.
Okay?
Why are you here?
I didn't pick up the night Dad called
because the last time I did.
and the time before.
there were other women.
I was afraid
that if I picked up the phone…
he'd tell me it was over.
So I let it ring.
Why didn't you tell me?
You loved him.
I didn't want to take that from you.
It wasn't Dad calling you.
That night.
It was me.
From his hotel room.
-I'd gone there to look for him.
-Lilly.
I didn't make it.
The only thing I could think of…
The only thing I needed…
was my mom.
You weren't there.
And I've missed him so much.
I miss you so much. Mom.
My darling.
What's he doing?
Subtitle translation by: Jakob Jensen